SQL Projects
Welcome to my SQL Projects portfolio! This repository showcases a collection of projects where I have utilized SQL to analyze and generate insights from data.Each project represents a unique data analysis scenario and demonstrates my skills in leveraging SQL capabilities to derive valuable insights.

Projects
In this repository, you will find various SQL projects for unique data analysis scenario. Each project is contained within its own directory and includes a README file with instructions and requirements.

Here are some examples of the projects you can find in this repository:

SteelDataChallenge1: SteelDataChallenge1 involves analyzing the provided dataset to answer various questions related to car sales and revenue generated by salespersons.
challenge4: Challenge 4 involves analyzing a database of a fictional e-commerce platform. The project aims to extract meaningful insights from the database by writing SQL queries to solve specific business problems..
CODEX Challenge: CodeX is a German beverage company that is aiming to make its mark in the Indian market. They conducted a survey in those 10 cities and received results from 10k respondents. Peter Pandey, a marketing data analyst is tasked to convert these survey results to meaningful insights which the team can use to drive actions.
Feel free to explore the projects and choose the ones that interest you the most. Each project comes with a set of tasks or challenges that uses sql for data analysis and problem-solving skills.
